It's not just to one person, two persons, time this samsara started. Everybody came, stayed and
then they left.
That is the procedure. Not just only the older beings, but even the highest beings also left, that
same way.
No matter whatever that is, they left. They, in a way, went out of our sight. And that is how it is
.
And now, according to the teaching, there is generally, because this is generally that, two minutes
to do, two.
One is called karmic life experiences, one is sudden time with a lot of obstacles.
This example of these two is, I think so, in the teachings, they said that, for example, if there
is a battle land, battle land, battle land or the candle,
candle, that duration of the wax and everything is planned to stay at ours, at ours.
And that at our, started like a candle and stayed under that old, which the last drop of that wax,
wax, that is karmic death.
And then even this is at our candle, but suddenly wind come or something fall down and start.
Stop that light burning and that is called obstacles.
In obstacle, death is always, in the teaching said, is avoidable.
Avoidable through the medicine, through the mantra, through the practices, through the meditation,
through the ceremony, it is avoidable.
Ma zhi thingizi, in the teaching said. Ma zhi thingizi, they can avoid that. But this death of the
karmic death is then unavoidable.
Unemotable, nothing can stop. That is the expenses. Or that is the limit. Limit, you reach to the
limit. Limit, and therefore, that functioning of the element is not prepared to continue to care.
You know, it's just, that's it. And for that, that is then happen to eliminate all those great
things.
And that we know. Everyone, even in the open, in the teaching said, "Buddha Shatya Muni", such that
, that.
And all that, actually, even they can change, move, but that just low, what the great things are,
that's what the karm should, should.
And that's what all these great masters, and great peoples, all that have.
So, therefore, this is the how, how, how does.
And then those great, great, taught you practitioners, great, great practitioners, and then you
heard so many times, as transcendental, wisdom, blendable, they achieved.
But still, they changed. It's not the same that, that, what, how they started.
That the body is changed, in a way, that element is changed.
And then, there is also, I think, other way, in the teaching said, sometimes those great masters,
those great, taught you practitioners,
just instantly, kind of, left it, left it up, or left it, left it.
In a way, suddenly, they dissipate.
Even use an example as "pot broth".
Pot broth, and then that sky of the pot, merged to the sky.
The sky of empty bottle, broth, and then just merging, even that, the remaining is, in a way,
evaporated, transcendental to that.
So, those are. And then sometimes, those great masters, in the teaching, we read,
as the god of dirt, transformed into the hymn of the light, glowing light, and that light began to
lift it up in the sky,
or that you see, glowing light, something, and then this equipped.
All he did equipped, by the request of his foremost disciples, and extended his right arm, and
again, his last teachings,
which is called Satsang, there they are, the many of us, we all had a great opportunity to receive
those teachings.
And so, those could have.
So, there is many, many, many of us.
And then, many of those great masters, sometimes, they're vast, vast way.
They don't kill any situation, circumstances, anything.
They just vast any places, places.
Those are the teachings said, without any expectations.
And without any kind of, like, choosing the places, this and that and that,
wherever that happened, left that happened, that, and vast as beggars in the street,
because many of us, they're vast, they're vast, wherever.
It's nothing really true, particularly location, this and that, all that, as vast as beggars.
Beggars or some guys said, without any kind of, without any expectation, as living body, as babies,
babies.
When babies die, they don't have any particular, supposedly, they don't have any expectation,
this and that, or worries, anything, they just, it's a difference.
And some guys in the teachings said that some of those great masters died,
without any external circumstances, died in the mountains, in hermitage, as lions, as leopards.
They didn't get it. So, nothing, any death.
And most of the work, now, we average person, average only person, when we die.
When we die, and death is conduct, death is inevitable.
And some guys in the teachings said, as maybe you heard, and said, you try three times.
You try to treat three times, do everything, it didn't work.
So that means, have treatment three times, and do the ceremony three times, do the mantra three
times.
This is just a kind of like, ever-ready thing, but do as many as you want to do.
But ever, it doesn't really work. That means, now, coming out at lifespan,
is rich to them, the limit, limited. I try everything.
Medicine, mantra, ceremony, practices, everything, and that's it, nothing.
When that situation comes, then in the teaching, always said,
then we should stay calm, peaceful, confidence, no worries.
That individually who is leaving, or who is going to die.
But at the same time, family members, the friends, also support for that.
You did everything, you tried everything, now it's not really working.
And then when that comes, don't break up any emotional statements.
Emotional things to that person.
Make comfortable everywhere, comfortable, happy, peaceful, quiet,
and therefore open the kingdom, you say, tell the ugly stones to that person.
You did wonderful, you're a wonderful father, you're a wonderful mother,
you're a wonderful wife, you're a wonderful husband,
you're a wonderful man, you're a wonderful woman.
Tell all good things, you did wonderful things, everything wonderful, special.
And then they have some heads, bring up, support their heads.
Heads, not opposing, or imposing our belief,
or imposing each individual's belief.
But support, if that individual has some belief,
if that individual don't have any belief,
if that individual acts up, then you should have, can have your belief.
If that person only acts, only cleans up, how?
You should support and have.
Those are always in the TTC.